welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
seven this is the kind of mid-season
finale it should be episode eight but i
guess that one's not ready yet and i
hate to say this because season six has
been generally real good so far but this
episode was dumb and bad
the episode starts with victor strand
he's driving virginia's little sister
dakota to a safe house dakota's like hey
strand i know you're only pretending to
be loyal to my sister virginia i hate my
sister for some reason she treats me
like a prisoner i don't want that
anymore
take me on out of here but strands like
nah girl i'm playing the long game here
i'm rising as far up in the ranks as i
can now the forward scout's not
reporting so strand goes to check it out
with this other ranger who looks a lot
like virginia but isn't some tree was
chopped down and when they get back to
the convoy oh everyone's been killed and
dakota is gone so it's time to call in
alicia who's been assigned with charlie
to some very distant outpost strand
calls her over to help find dakota it
looks like dakota made it out took the
car herself but now crashed it and is
gone so alicia and charlie are on the
case they find a creepy hunting lodge
alicia sneaks in there and someone's
doing oh taxidermy experiments on the
zombies
in fact he comes and oh tranquilizes
alicia yeah his creepy serial killer
vibes he straps her to the table but
alicia's real resourceful uses the
antlers cut the duct tape gets herself
out of there ready to strike but coming
through the door is actually dakota this
guy comes in it's like oh no wait he's a
friend he saved me he's like yes sorry i
trained you and strapped you to the
table i'm a nice normal dude trust me so
they have a nice fun evening playing
chess with dakota he's like oh i used to
play chess with my daughter during this
convo dakota revealed that her sister
virginia killed her parents that's why
she hates her sister so much
but i have a feeling virginia killed
their parents for very legitimate zombie
apocalypse reasons and dakota was just
too young to understand alicia sneaks
off and finds charlie who snuck in after
her and it's like oh he's boarded up all
the doors we're trapped in here now then
alicia uses his radio to call virginia
she wants to make a deal it's like hey
i've got your sister dakota i'll bring
her back to you in exchange
me and charlie get to leave you won't
come after us for some reason instead of
escaping immediately they think
it's safe to stay the night in this
creepy dude's house and indeed he blasts
the music attracting all the zombies
that he's like grafted antlers onto
he monologues for what feels like an
entire half hour here telling the story
of his dead family long story short they
died and he's crazy now he's going to
trap these girls here to protect them he
and alicia have a fight in the end she
kicks him and oh
he falls back onto one of his antler
chairs stabs himself that's why you
don't decorate your living room with
super sharp furniture somehow he
survives though in fact he seems totally
fine and like they feel bad for him
because i guess he's a nice guy he's
just gone crazy he's like sorry about
all that before now
you guys get out of here all like hold
the zombies off so the zombies break in
and oh they're super freaky got like
animal parts grafted onto them and stuff
almost certainly some writer had this
idea and made this whole dumb episode
about it this guy sacrifices himself so
the girls can get away alicia and dakota
just stare there watching it while
charlie's actually trying to get him out
charlie the mvp this episode but it was
all super pointless anyway because
someone's coming through the front door
oh it's morgan here to save the day
alicia's like morgan we thought you were
dead how did you survive he's like yeah
someone saved me at the end of last
season and we still don't know who so
there's a mystery in any case the berry
can give a nice funeral to this guy who
like kidnapped them and tried to kill
them morgan's like hey i found a great
spot for a settlement i'm rounding up
all of our crew we're gonna go there and
live happily ever after alicia's
original plan was to hand dakota over to
virginia so she'd let her and charlie
escape
go back to the stadium from season four
try to start over there but now morgan
has a better idea he wants to give
dakota back to her sister in exchange
for letting all of their people go in
fact it turns out it was morgan who
ambushed dakota's convoy to kidnap her
in the first place but now alicia's
bonded with dakota it's like she doesn't
want to go back to her sister i'm not
gonna make her we're gonna run off
together it looks like they're gonna
fight about it but morgan's like no okay
fine dakota can come with us then
outside they meet up with strand who
finally finds out that morgan's alive
they're like hey man we decided we're
not giving dakota back we're taking her
and running away are you with us or
against us
it looks like they're gonna fight but
victor's like no okay do what you want i
think it's the wrong call but hey so
strand goes to give virginia the bad
news that morgan and alicia have her
sister
she's like what about you strand are you
with them or with me and he's like come
with you girl though he's almost
certainly lying but it's time to prove
his loyalty virginia wants an all-out
assault to get her sister and morgan's
crew back she takes strands to a super
secret back alley where there's a super
secret door
and inside is grace morgan's pregnant
girlfriend of course it's not his baby
it's like yeah we're gonna use her as
leverage and strands like yeah virginia
i'm with you how will this big
confrontation go find out in episode 8
the real mid-season finale which
probably won't
air until spring of next year if you
liked this recap hit that subscribe
button for more of the best recaps of tv
and movies and if you love this recap
check out the join button and support
the channel as a member